build: skip support Angular 5 (#1464)
ngxs/store: CHANGELOG.md

- Build: Add build integration test with Angular 9 (Ivy) [#1278](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1278)
- Build: Run SSR tests with cypress [#1281](https://github.com/ngxs/store/pull/1281)

### BREAKING CHANGES

> - If you are using the version `TypeScript 2.7` ang `Angular 5`, their no longer supported, please update to `TypeScript 2.8` and `Angular 6` as minimal.

Reviewer: @markwhitfeld rephrase it, please.

Reviewer: @splincode why do you mark is as resolved if I asked Mark to rephrase it because of grammar mistakes?

Author: @markwhitfeld GitHub itself dropped this when I updated the line 

I add `TypeScript 2.8.1` and `Angular 6.1.0` as minimal.

Reviewer: Okay, sorry.

Reviewer: @markwhitfeld ping here

Reviewer 2: 👍 I have rephrased it.

> - If you are using the version `TypeScript 2.7` ang `Angular 5`, their no longer supported, please update to `TypeScript 2.8.1` and `Angular 6.1.0` as minimal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you are using `TypeScript 2.7` and `Angular 5` you will need to update to `TypeScript 2.8.1` and `Angular 6.1.0` at a minimum. We were forced to drop support for these in order to provide support for Ivy. These versions are also no longer supported the Angular team either. This has not resulted in a major version change for MGXS due to the fact that it is not our API that has changed, rather a dependency.
```
